cut
frut fres cut buddy fres
cut no longer no
[Music]
longer hold on okay so what are we doing
we have
a hold
[Music]
on okay
we're trying to lock in today we're
trying to do some serious [__] for a
long
[Music]
time okay so okay here's the to-do
list finish the feeder mechanism with
two servos so basically what we want I
just bought a tablet so that hopefully
now I can
um describe what
I'm I I I can
draw on my computer so that you guys can
see what I'm
doing
so um
yeah what was the other one let's just
start to get all this
parameterized so that's
75 let make it 80
so
um here to here there 3
5 uh wait I always have a problem with
this is
width I guess this is wait hold on can I
just come up with
a
um
and when describing length width and
height for my parameter names in Fusion
360 um what is the canonical if I have X
Y and Z
axis which one should be width which one
should be
length length is X so this is
length I hate that I have to click that
thing every time this is going to be
35 Okay so
okay so uh so let's just extrude this by
40 doesn't really matter because I'm
just trying to sketch this out do we
want to hollow this out
yet or do we want to keep drawing on
here okay I'm going to draw on here
because this is the part that I don't
really understand so just do this
oh wait do I even need to do those I
probably
don't yeah okay so that means
that uh oh
uh it needs to be oh wait hold
on hold on why is this not working
oh there we go oh yo what's up it's so
over for yeah Lex fredman bro do I look
like Lex
fredman
what uh this is not new but since I cut
my hair yesterday uh that one's covered
in hair so this is what I'm
rocking but yes I'll slurp bin
f i I could see it a little bit
but I could see it because of the hair I
think
yeah so this needs to be Nerf plus 5 or
something and then these two are going
to be
equal oh dude I bought I just bought a
tablet wait isn't this constrained oh
no so that I when I draw stuff on my
Note P ad I'm not going to draw my
notepad
anymore so that you can actually
see okay so wait what is the idea here
okay let's just make this 30 okay so
what we're building right
now okay but then
wait um oh wait we don't want to
actually extrude that by 30 we want to
extrude this by Nerf
oh wait oops ner Nerf minus Nerf minus
like
three no let's do two so basically the
the idea of the
mechanism
is we're going to have a hopper up here
which a hopper looks like
this oops
wait hold on I got to switch M this
mouse is really
annoying I knew I should have just
bought a nice Mouse for this computer
but I bought a $7 Amazon Basics Mouse
okay
okay there we go okay so um so the what
I'm thinking is I'm going to have one
Servo that's sort of mounted back here
so yeah so there'll be like
um there rectangle here and a rectangle
here and then just I'll only Dimension
this this is going to be oh [__] this
needs to be like
42 or rather like 40 whatever so if I
move this
one but
all right so what are we doing so this
is a this is really far
apart okay wait let's just make this
oops wait let me get chat
up logic Bluetooth what Wireless bro
I've never been a wireless guy but I
feel like maybe I should
just become
one how big does it have to be if the
hole is like four then this should
probably be
like eight and then the width here
should be
like
five so if you drew like
a four in here what would that look
like yeah that's probably good enough I
mean it doesn't have to be
so wait no but this is not actually
where the that's
wrong so hold on
this and this are
equal I've had Wireless for years now
oh what about a keyboard do you use a
wireless keyboard
too okay so now I just want to extrude
these out let's see we need to make
let's so let's draw Center
Line oh you use a
laptop do you use earbuds or over ear
okay wait hold on
so honestly it's kind of surprising to
me that you're a Mac guy I kind of was
just but you know I could see you
totally being a Linux guy yeah
buds yeah I I agree I I I can't wear ere
ear for that long to be honest I can't
wear even buds for that long before I
start to get like okay wait so what we
want is the distance between here to
here I think needs to be like
nine and then wait is this oh um
we need to make this point and this
point horizontal so okay wait we're now
oh okay fine we'll make this
like four okay so we're going to finish
this sketch we're going to go back to
this Extrusion and make it
60 okay this thing has already become
monstrous because I
think uh let's see how tall is this
thing this is pretty tall
it's 87 that's pretty
tall oh I know dude yeah if you're like
on a laptop there's just
no yeah they have that so well tuned I
oh my gosh yeah you're reminding me so
I've been on PC because I just like got
a f my dad's old laptop because I didn't
want to
like
uh I was on Mac um and then I had to
give that back and hold holy crap dude
this thing runs every time I open it
it's just like low battery because it
just like churns itself I don't know
what it does when I close the lid it
just keeps running or something I've
definitely checked the settings and it's
supposed to sleep and sometimes it does
but sometimes it just doesn't and then I
wake up and it's like hot or like I'll
like close the lid and it'll be plugged
in and I wake up in the morning and the
fan is running and it's hot it's just
like Windows and like PCS have just like
not figured this out and I don't
understand why so bad but yeah I loved
Mac for that
reason so this let's see how uh let's
just make it
10 so something like this and then the
servo slots in
here and then we make a notch in here so
like let's do
this so the thing will be right there
and there's a lever we need to make the
lever tuned the distance correct but
let's just uh draw a
rectangle uh
like
that make this
midpoint make this I don't know 30 I
really am not dimensioning this out
properly we're just trying to get a
sketch down okay
this this probably only needs to be 10
if that even that's kind of aggressive
all right so we're going to extrude
this
um oh wait we kind of want
to well I don't really care about taking
out extra material but ideally we would
like cut oh we could just revolve this
around this axis what if we just did
that so can you take a profile and
revolve it I don't actually know
I think you can only do that with
a okay so the idea
is Goose's face I don't I didn't see
that so I'm trying to figure out I'm
just trying to picture this in my mind
basically there's going to be two servos
one Servo that okay so let's uh let's
just draw this now just so that we can
get
a so these are going to keep getting
extruded but
alongside
this oh we need to uh we need to undo
this and we need to
project and we need to do
this oops to there and then we want to
make this width
wall is that right what is the length of
this that's 32 so this is 20 from here
to here is going to
be
exactly
um so yeah so we didn't do this quite
right so let's go back to what what
extradition was
it I'm pretty sure it was this
no it
wait oh yeah we just need to change this
so this was Nerf plus 5 let's make it
Nerf Plus
8 or okay wait we could just do this
Nerf clearance
why why didn't that
work is it because of these extra dude
the
pars these this formula thing is like
really
bad
okay uh so we're going to keep editing
this
to replace the shooting mechanism no so
it's
uh basically so I didn't even test it
with one shot the idea was that
yesterday what I built was that this is
like a one shot mechanism so I just
physically put a ball right here then I
crank this thing back oops Yeah I
couldn't get that to work I
crank I pull this back I put a ball in
and then it pushes it forward and shoots
it and I didn't even test that which I
really should do but I kind of want it's
cold outside I kind of want to just
design the rest of this right
now and
basically okay so what is going on so
the height between okay so let's extrude
oh wait we want to extrude these
profiles with all of
this so this needs
to and actually we probably
want uh well whatever let's just
um okay
so and then we're going to have
to
uh just sketch and then I'm going to
and then the distance between here and
here should
be okay and I I'm pretty sure that's
exactly what I have
though because
it's
okay so I just project these lines okay
so now we're going to do a tangent Arc
between this point and this point and we
are going to extrude this all the way to
the back
that looks kind of
goofy but so the idea is that when balls
fall down this channel this chimney or
whatever they won't immediately come oh
wait actually they will because now that
I've done this cut we need to make
now they
will yes I didn't think this out so what
we need to do
is we need to lower it so that the
distance between okay wait so let's draw
on this
face just to get a distance measurement
and we're going to
project project this I guess and here to
here is 20 and then here to Here Is
Right 12 and A2 so that's
32.5 uh oh yeah right so I
um I am lowkey thinking well so this
Hopper thing is going to be needed
regardless of the design you need some
way to store the
bullets uh and you need a way to agitate
them so there's a motor in here that
agitates them so that they can fall
through this Channel and I could either
buy one but I saw that buying one was
like 60 70 bucks up to even like 200 for
the expensive ones but
um I am lowkey thinking after I test
this that I might just use compress
there cuz I have an air compressor and
it would be interesting to see what kind
of velocities I can get out of that but
for right now this is still the the
plan okay so what does this mean this
means that we need to change this
extrude iion to be
not we need to make okay
so where was
it right this needs to be Nerf over 2
minus 2 because
right because then it'll be about 20 so
now the distance the Min distance
between here is not going to be that
much but
the it's going to be
12.5 + 9 which is 21 hopefully that's
enough I feel like that might not be
enough I feel like it might be able to
push it through but the the the whole
idea is based
on that we have this Channel and we need
to be able to control the fire one at a
time so what we're going to do is we're
going to have another Servo here like we
do in this
design uh this one's going to push them
into the the flywheels but then the
other
one is going to push the balls
up so that this thing can
retract so this is probably too long now
that I'm looking at it what's the face
Toof face
distance 80
let's
see and this is so high just because of
this stupid thing I feel like that's
this whole design is real
goofy we could put it up here on the
chimney
and then and then it would be like from
here to here and then the shaft would be
there hold
on
e e
okay I'm back
so let's see
oh you have to do a
profile
uh can't do it around the circular
profile which profile do I
want uh I want the line going
up whatever
uh I should have just copied this
was was also thinking about Angling it
slightly up so that the balls while if
they when they get pushed through the
little compression part they don't just
shoot and fall like they actually get
pushed but let me just let me just do
this okay so what we're going to
do
here is the same freaking sketch I've
done a bunch of times this is going to
be okay let's just make parameters for
this thing so
uh
uh okay so X so length Okay
so oh that's not what I want so
uh Servo
Mount Len is going to be n is that right
is that really what it is I think I'm
pretty sure that's right so now when we
go to this is it that or is it it's
this why is it oh it's so annoying that
if you're in a sketch it just like
doesn't tell you ohy you're in a sketch
so this is uh
Servo okay then can we look at the
sketch let's look at the sketch Oh wrong
one okay so the
um Servo Mount 8
is equal to
8 and then
Servo let's see what dimension is
that that's y so that's width Servo
Mount
width
equals five okay so we should have three
parameters to Def find that little box
so we have Ser amount Extrusion
length Sero
Mount
height
eighto Mount
W okay so let's just go back and edit
that in
here oh what the hell
so
now can we look at that sketch where we
actually build
that here we
did
four we can make it
five and we did 10 and then the
Extrusion was
15 okay
we'll I I propose to shoot
Rockets Rockets dude that is so hard do
you have any idea that's going to be
like bro
a guided missile are you kidding me dude
I'm trying to shoot a freaking Nerf
ball now yeah this would be [__]
awesome um we'll work up to it for sure
oh wait that's not what I want uh did I
do this I started
this okay so we need I don't know really
where to place them yet so this is going
to be Nerf wait why don't I have my oh
no no no no yeah
Servo oh that's in these names were
based on the direction that they were in
but not this yeah so it's kind of
confusing
um is this one 10 I can't even no this
that's
Extrusion this needs to be eight for
sure oh
wait and this needs to be
Servo okay then we need another one of
these which is the same
oh Servo this Servo this okay now the
oops the oh my
God
uh yeah and then the distance between
here and here is
99.8 let's make it nine okay and then
let's make the distance between here or
wait let's make the distance oh yeah
that's
interesting
um well what do we actually care about
see these are just random Dimensions but
what we actually care about is when we
we look
at nine so let's do
that wait why is that oh
yeah it's not fully constrained because
I want it to be the other way oh wait
can I do minus 9 in
here no yeah see that's so
confusing if I just move this and then I
do it I think it'll
work okay and then what's still
unconstrained oh yeah this and this are
horizontal okay so now this is fully
constrained and we can extrude these by
whatever
10 the problem is this doesn't even have
any of the mounting hole
things
um yeah the distance between here and
here is like totally not defined
unguided small yield China manufactured
rocket
fireworks
yeah dude I want how my chat show up on
this thing is that possible how do
people do that
whatever I'm not going to do it right
now
so
um how did I do this other one oh I drew
a rectangle on this thing what is the
distance if we open up
wait what the
hell
yeah oh yeah let me look it
up OBS show
twitch overlay
create a browser
Source okay and open
[Music]
we
what I'm not going to
I kind of want an open source
thing no this
isn't dude I hate Reddit so freaking
much e
dude I don't I don't give a
[__] oh was it doubled yeah dude I have
the noise I have the noise filter on and
it's not working as well as I I don't
know why it's not working as well as it
was I'm
sorry okay
um dude it can't be that complicated
okay so what do we need to know is the
distance between the center of this
circle and
here because then we know where the axis
is
why don't I just insert the
um I kind of design this poorly
let's
see okay fine
uh all right what what is that distance
let's just figure it
out so we have this thing there's only
one of them okay this is that so okay so
this is five wait no this is 2.5 the
ID 2.5 what's the outer
diameter okay the OD is 5.5 I don't know
why I'm writing that down that's
stupid but we want to know the clo oh
but this doesn't show me the
okay wait wait if if I
do
this and then
this no but I want to
[Music]
know the distance between here and this
plane
it's only seven it's it's going to be
7.25 + 5.5 over 2 which is
um yeah it's 10 okay so that means what
we want to do is when we're drawing
this we're going to make a
going to make a rectangle like
this that's distance from here to here
is
from is
10 oh this is going to cut through this
whole
thing uh yeah let's make it it's eight
cuz it is going to be realistically it's
going to be
that um and then what is the length of
this thing I actually don't know we need
to go
to this and we need to just say it's
45+ two oh it's
45 plus 4 it's 49 so this needs to be 50
damn okay and then we want to revolve
this this is going to cut through the
entire thing
oh wait we didn't do this
right both of
these it needs to be around this axis
but we don't want
to do that we want to make it like
wait
we hold
on oh but it sort of does need a swing
maybe we could just leave it
open oh my gosh this design stuff is so
hard where does everything
go e
yeah once stuff starts moving the design
gets really hard
the first thing is I
think maybe that'll be
okay why can't this be much shorter I
feel
like I feel like it's definitely
possible that we could make
this
order in which case
if that's the case then we don't have to
cut the whole thing so if this channel
let's see let's go back to this let's
just try to make this
um half wait no 40 yeah half let's just
try to make that real
short see how we have like no
well we have nowhere to put the
servo well honestly we could like have
it extend out awkwardly I don't really
care about that but the
um then the AR
the it would be here
and we just draw like a square to
connect these
two okay so let's start over we're going
to do it one more time we lo oh wait
actually I want to show you something
sick um check this out okay you can find
this on my GitHub
I have a a script called export prams to
Json uh not pictures wait is it
pictures wait
what oh this could this is not my laptop
bro I got
confused this is going to be the uh
feater
the two Servo
theater wait what oh oh oh LOL oh yeah
cuz you don't get to name it that's
fine okay now we can just do this and do
import prams from
Json downloads CAD Bas tracker shooter
unsaved parameters
and now if we go to our parameters we
have them
all we need to fix some of these
though let's make it
50 then how tall do we have to make
it let's just keep
this as
is well
87 that's so
tall why don't I just copy this model
over
wait let's just do an insert Drive okay
wait let's undo all of
this we're going to do an insert
drive this is going to be the
to Servo
theater and we are going to open it
from this and we are just going to
grab
this oh wait um
wait so that means we're going to grab
this
thing but then we want to break the link
I don't know what is that where did that
even come
from it's weird as
hell so now we want to break link though
but wait does this insert
derive oh you get the history
right no you
don't dude that's so [__]
up dude that's so annoying why can't I
get the
history come on
man whatever let's just um let's just
modify it in here here
this is going to be tough so this is
probably let's make this
90 wait why am I
dude this thing is lag my computer is so
slow I need a new computer so
bad I like that this one's one of those
really small ones that you get from like
a like a business that's gone out of you
know gone under or something like that
so it was only like 150
bucks uh and it works really well for
150 bucks like oh my God it's so much
better than a Raspberry Pi I bought a
Raspberry Pi recently and it's just like
kind of sucks I tried to run OBS on it
because I wanted it to be a little
streaming thing and uh OBS this is no
fault of Raspberry Pi but more of OBS
and it's like OBS doesn't even compile
for Arch yet which I was very surprised
by
why does this not go back all the
way wait what
oh because there's another random
extrude
for
e
e e
okay it's gotten kind of Sunny so what
I'm going to
do see if I can get this thing to work
because being me outside is way better
than me inside
obviously this thing is out of charge
which is just perfect because that means
okay hold on
okay so I guess I'm going to go set it
up outside and then come back and then
fix it because this thing is out of
battery but then if I plug it in here
then the second I unplug it
whatever nonsense SLE
[__] oh and I want this mouse
too which is just
perfect let's see do I have more
quarts one more
okay oh wait I could do it from uh I
could do it from um my phone
okay we'll see if that
works
e
e e
okay okay I think
uh all right I think I am doing
it let me just go to
Twitch okay so wait can you can you hear
me because yeah so what I'm doing is I'm
using this OBS plugin called OBS
teleport
and so I'm on my laptop outside now but
I'm still streaming for my desktop so
I'm
basically sending this video stream over
my local network to my desktop and my
desktop is doing the
streaming um so that I didn't have to
end the
stream Mars
to Mars
buddy all right cool I'm glad that that
was so easy OBS teleport is freaking
badass well I didn't have to end the
stream no no no I just didn't have to
end the stream I could keep it going but
but what I what the reason why I set it
up is that if I'm streaming outside and
then I need to go solder or something or
I need to go do something in where my
tools are inside then I can um walk
inside switch it and then because for me
the important part of this whole series
is that I document as much of the
process of building this thing as
possible um and so you know when stuff
like soldering is not included then it's
not clear what exactly I was doing it
was I'm just like away from the camera
uh but anyway
n this thing is
badass very very cool [__] um all right
now we can just get back to work
[Music]
I for
where is
this
whatever oh this is Anno lose the
history I forgot about that
that's not going to really
work see we go
all e
yeah we could strap it to this side
it lifts it
up this this one
retracts oh
no no
[__] it's bad for